Live your best life, now and in the future At Abbott, we’re driven by a shared mission: to help you live a healthier, fuller life. The revolutionary health technologies and products we create serve that very human purpose. Managing diabetes. Monitoring hearts. Easing chronic pain. Through our products, our science and our partnerships, we work to bring better health to more people, so that our next breakthrough can lead to theirs. Abbott at a glance 135+ Years as a trusted health tech industry leader 160+ Countries in which we’re making a difference 122,000 Employees working worldwide to advance human health Questions? We’ve got you. With a history dating back to 1888, there’s a lot to discover about Abbott. Find answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about our company. What is Abbott and what do they do? Abbott is a global healthcare leader with a nearly 140-year history of creating breakthrough products. Today, we serve more than 2 billion people around the globe. What began as a small pharmacy in Chicago has grown into one of the most respected healthcare companies in the world. Our portfolio now spans Cardiovascular , Diabetes, Diagnostics, Pain and Movement, Nutrition, Medicines and Biowearables. Our mission is to help people live fuller lives through better health as we deliver innovative solutions across the entire healthcare spectrum. This dedication to innovation is reflected in our leadership, in our consistent investment in research and development, and in our commitment to providing access to our life-changing technologies worldwide. Who is the CEO of Abbott? Abbott’s Chairman and CEO is Robert B. Ford , who assumed the role of Chairman in December 2021, having been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in March 2020. Where is Abbott headquarters? Abbott's corporate headquarters is in Lake County, Illinois, at Abbott Park, a suburb 40 miles north of Chicago, IL, U.S. Where does Abbott operate? Our products and solutions serve people in more than 160 countries. Visit our global locations page for a list of Abbott locations. What career opportunities does Abbott offer? Working at Abbott, you can help serve more than 2 billion people around the world and shape the future of health. Explore our career opportunities and discover why we are recognized as a top employer and industry leader. If you’re only taking your first steps toward becoming a professional, we also have robust internships and early career programs. Our 122,000 employees around the world help deliver better health to more people in more places. Join us and thrive. How can I contact Abbott with a question or concern? We are here for the people we serve in their pursuit of healthy lives. Visit the Contact Us page for detailed contact information and multiple ways to connect with our teams depending on your specific product needs or questions. You can also fill in our feedback form. Where can I find resources for investors? Abbott’s unwavering focus on helping people get healthy and stay healthy has made it a leader in its industry — and a trusted company. How can members of the media contact Abbott for press inquiries? If you are a member of the media and would like to make a media inquiry, we have contacts within our businesses and around the world. You can access our full media contact list and explore more information about Abbott on this site. For the latest on Abbott’s life-changing technology, get updates directly in your inbox.