Share LinkedIn Facebook X.com WeChat Email Copy link To improve life for all by integrating the world Our purpose is the reason we strive to go all the way, every day. To deliver a more connected, agile and sustainable future for global logistics. Sustainability Our History Careers A.P. Moller - Maersk’s vision is to become the Global Integrator Increasing complexity in global supply chains is making them inefficient, vulnerable and unsustainable. At Maersk, our strategic vision is to become the Global Integrator, offering truly integrated logistics solutions that connect, protect and simplify our customers’ supply chains. Learn more about how we are accelerating a fundamental transition in global logistics. Our vision Why us? Our values connect us and guide us Our values inspire us to do better in a constantly changing world, guiding our work every day. Our core values Our leadership Our strategic vision to be the Global Integrator is anchored in the A.P. Moller - Maersk’s Executive Leadership team and our Board of Directors. Meet the leaders who are setting our course for transformation. Learn more We are committed to sustainable growth Our purpose serves as the foundation and compass guiding our work towards a world where global trade distributes economic and social benefits, without negatively impacting individuals, communities or the environment. This is why sustainability is integrated into our purpose. Because real shared value can only be delivered through logistics solutions that are digitised, integrated, decarbonised and democratised – so that global trade is inclusive and sustainable, and the benefits are felt by as many people as possible. Learn more Keeping people safe, All The Way Across our operations worldwide, safety remains our first priority. We actively safeguard the people who keep our business moving – employees, third-party contractors, and partners under out operational control. Through clear standards, continuous improvement and constant care, Maersk works to ensure that every task is carried out safety. Maersk at a glance Our vision is transforming logistics across oceans, continents, flightpaths, platforms and networks. The numbers speak for themselves. 100,000+ employees 700+ container vessels deployed 60 terminals across 35 countries 130 countries covered 100,000+ customers 8.8m+ SQM warehousing capacity worldwide in 500+ sites 2040 Net Zero climate-neutral across our business You may also be interested in Reach your full potential by letting us simplify and connect your supply chain from end to end. Our History A.P. Moller - Maersk has a storied past, and we are proud of our long history. Our history is part of our platform for future success and thus intimately linked to our present activities and future goals. Tax report The A.P. Moller - Maersk Tax Report has been approved by the Board of Directors and applies to A.P. Moller - Maersk A/S and all controlled entities. Maersk Code of Conduct The Code provides guidance on what we stand for as a company, and it governs how each brand, business unit and employee within Maersk engages with customers, authorities, colleagues, suppliers, the community and other stakeholders. Previous Next Learn more about Maersk Logistics services We meet customer needs from one end of the supply chain to the other. Solutions Careers Discover job vacancies, find out how to apply to them, and learn more about careers at Maersk. Careers Press Visit our Press Room to find our press contacts, reports and publications. Press