Home ... Share LinkedIn Facebook X.com WeChat Email Copy link Be ready to meet your logistics needs — anytime, anywhere Take control of moving your cargo from port to port and door to door with one simple platform. Check prices Register now Smarter shipping, simplified logistics Plan smarter, respond faster, and deliver with confidence through a single online platform. Book, track, and manage shipments across ocean, land, and air – and with visibility all the way. Shipping for customers? Move your customers’ goods efficiently, reliably, and on your own terms. Learn more Check prices Managing your own shipments? Reach existing and new markets with our simple booking experience that puts you in charge. Learn more Check prices Why Maersk? Everything in one place Handle your logistics workflow – from booking to delivery – all in a single platform. Transparent pricing See your all-in price at booking – no guesswork or unexpected changes. Book anytime, anywhere Book 24/7 and get a quick confirmation with a full overview of departures, arrivals, and transit time. Visibility all the way Track your cargo across ports, warehouses, and key handovers – so you always know where it stands. End-to-end cargo services Meet the different requirements of each shipment with flexible, end-to-end logistics services. Global coverage Tap into a worldwide network of 500+ ports spanning 130+ countries – including air freight services across 70,000 trade lanes in 90+ markets. What does your shipment call for? Full containers, boxes and pallets, or time-sensitive goods? Find the right path for your cargo. Maersk Go Want to manage your own shipments with ease? Get visibility, flexible booking, and 24/7 access – all in one easy-to-use platform. Learn more Check prices Maersk Spot Shipping for customers? Get 24/7 access and seamless land-ocean integration with our simple online booking system. Learn more Check prices Maersk Air Freight Need a faster delivery? Maersk Air Freight is your gateway to safe, efficient, and reliable air transport of time-sensitive, high-value cargo. A speedy solution to keep up with demand. Learn more Check prices Less-than-Container Load Looking to ship boxes and pallets? LCL (Less-than-Container Load) lets you share a container with other cargo, giving you the flexibility to get smaller shipments on the move as needed. Learn more Check prices Easy to book, easy to get started Ready to move your cargo? Register with Maersk to place your first booking. Let’s guide you through the process — or get started right away. Register Get prepared Companies that transformed their supply chain There’s a world of opportunities to optimise your logistics. See how other businesses have done it. How a family business realised their global ambitions with Maersk Go Discover how a German startup scaled their pool accessory business and entered a new market across the Atlantic. How a plastics recycler increased monthly export volume by 50% with Maersk Go Discover how Standard Manufacturing optimised their intercontinental supply chain with a single logistics provider. How Maxim Exports boosted supply chain efficiency with Maersk Go Discover How Maxim Exports benefits from simple online bookings and full transparency of costs for their logistics. How Maersk Spot and Global Logistics Company unlock new markets Discover how Global Logistics Company increased productivity and market share with just one simple logistics platform. Don't see what you're looking for? Check out our full list of logistics services. Service Type Service Type Select all Clear all Choose all that applies Transport Store Clear & Protect Logistics Management Solutions Freight Mode Freight Mode Select all Clear all Choose all that applies Intermodal Transport Move containers between ports and inland Ocean Transport Ship with stable rates and assured space Air Freight Fly your cargo for faster arrival Less than Container Load Full Truckload and Less-than-Truckload Industries Industries Select all Clear all Choose all that applies Retail Precision of your retail supply chain Fashion and Lifestyle Responsive, resilient and sustainable logistics FMCG Efficiency and security for FMCG Automotive Flexible and agile automotive supply chain Technology Sustainable and reliable technology logistics Perishables Fresh and frozen produce delivered on time Pharma & Healthcare Special logistics to secure product integrity Chemicals Flexible and resilient logistics for chemicals Cargo type Cargo type Select all Clear all Choose all that applies Dry Cargo Retail, auto, electronic parts, and more. Refrigerated Cargo Ship perishables with end-to-end visibility. Special Cargo Services to ship Out-of-gauge cargo. Dangerous Cargo Ship dangerous cargo. Show {total} services B/L, container number or parcel This is a required field. Track From Origin is incorrect To Destination is incorrect Search This is a required field Find Want to get a head start on the latest in logistics? Sign up for updates on products and services to make the most of your bookings — and keep up with business trends and industry insights that shape global logistics. Thank you for subscribing You’ll soon start receiving updates on products, services, and more – delivered directly to your inbox. Please be aware that if you’re new to Maersk, you’ll first receive an email to verify your subscription. In the meantime, if you want full access to our products and services, rates and routes, and more, you can create a free account here . We're sorry - there was a problem processing your contact request. Please review the form fields and ensure all required information is provided correctly. If the issue persists, please contact our support team for further assistance. Want to get a head start on the latest in logistics? Sign up for updates on products and services to make the most of your bookings — and keep up with business trends and industry insights that shape global logistics. Is this your email address? email Yes No The form was submitted An unexpected error occurred First name This is a required field Last name This is a required field Email address This requires a valid email Company name This is a required field Job role Select your job role CEO CFO CIO COO CPO/Chief Procurement Officer CTO Commercial manager/Director Compliance / Customs Export Manager Head of Digital Transformation Head of Supply Chain Director/Head of Procurement Import Manager Logistics Coordinator Logistics Manager/Director Marketing manager/Director Operations Director Press Procurement Manager Products Manager Purchase Manager Sales Manager/Director Sales Representative Sourcing Manager Student Supply Chain Manager This is a required field Country/Region Select country/region Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Island Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Island Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoro Islands Congo Congo, Dem.Rep.of Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Island Faroe Islands Fed St of Micronesia Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, South Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxemburg Macao China Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar(Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherl. Antilles Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St Kitts-Nevis St Lucia St Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan China Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (Br.) Virgin Islands (US) Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe This is a required field State Select state Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming This is a required field Please phone me This is a required field Telephone Phone number is not valid Your message (Optional) I agree to receive logistics related news and marketing updates by email, phone, messaging services (e.g. WhatsApp) and other digital platforms, including but not limited to social media (e.g., LinkedIn) from A. P. Moller-Maersk and its affiliated companies (see latest company overview ). I understand that I can opt out of such Maersk communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link. To see how we use your personal data, please read our Privacy Notification . Please click on the tick above then click submit .​ ​ ​By completing this form, you confirm that you agree to the use of your personal data by Maersk as described in our Privacy Notification . Submit Digital Solutions We all buy goods, track deliveries, and pay online. Shipping with Maersk is no different. Our online services are designed to take the complexity out of shipping, letting you instantly book, manage, and track shipments — and much more. Previous Next Maersk Visibility Studio Gain end-to-end visibility, predictive insights and actionable data across carriers and modes to avert disruption. Maersk Logistics Hub Take control of your logistics. Check rates, manage invoices, book, and track shipments all in one platform Captain Peter™ Remotely monitor temperature and humidity to protect cargo quality and get notified if conditions change so you can act. Emissions Studio Get visibility into GHG emissions across carriers and transport modes and indicative insights to optimise scope 3 emissions. Data Integrations Enable seamless data exchange via API or EDI for efficient, smarter supply chain decisions and collaboration. Maersk Risk Management Turn uncertainty into foresight with early warnings and clear actions. Powered by expert insights and AI. MyFinance Simplify payments with a secure all-in-one dashboard offering faster settlements and full financial visibility. Maersk App Manage your logistics on the go. Make bookings, manage invoices, track cargo, and get self-selected instant alerts. Already a customer? Log in to start booking. Close Log in