Welcome to PUMA This is PUMA PUMA is one of the world’s leading sports brands, designing, developing, and selling footwear, apparel and accessories. Founded in 1948, PUMA helps the world’s best athletes and teams perform at their best with its innovative products. Known for its iconic cat logo and the Formstrip , the company offers performance products in categories such as Football, Running and Training. Its Sportstyle collections are rooted in sports and inspire consumers by celebrating sports culture. With its long history and strong heritage, PUMA is proud of having one of the strongest archives in the industry, with many iconic products such as the Suede and the Speedcat . The PUMA Group owns the brands PUMA, Cobra Golf and stichd . The company distributes its products in over 120 countries, employs more than 20,000 people and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach/Germany. Annual Report 2025 In 2025, currency-adjusted sales declined by 8.1% to € 7,296.2 million primarily due to strategic reset initiatives. Learn more in our Annual Report. Learn more News 22-Jul-2026 #Corporate PUMA appoints Dusan Hamlin as Vice President E-Commerce 13-Jul-2026 #Corporate PUMA appoints Marcia Dos Santos as Vice President BU Core 11-Jun-2026 #Corporate Staying with handball’s best: PUMA and Mathias Gidsel extend partnership 21-May-2026 #Corporate PUMA names Dennis Schroeder as Managing Director Europe More News Forever. Better. Across our business, we are taking action for people and the planet. And we'll never stop holding ourselves accountable and finding ways to do more. Read more about sustainability Careers I want to work in ... Retail Herzogenaurach Design Hong Kong Innovation ... Get of the bench, start playing Make your move: advance to the next level with PUMA and explore our job opportunities. Join PUMA Investor Relations Share Price in EUR 7296.00 Sales in € million 2025 21194.00 Employees 2025 Go to Investor Relations Management Board Management Board Supervisory Board Management Board Supervisory Board Arthur Hoeld Chief Executive Officer Mark Langer Chief Financial Officer Maria Valdes Chief Brand Officer Matthias Baeumer Chief Commercial Officer Andreas Hubert Chief Operating Officer Meet the Management Héloïse Temple-Boyer Chair of the Supervisory Board of PUMA SE Jean-Marc Duplaix Deputy Chair of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the Audit Committee Harsh Saini Independent Management Consultant, Consultant for Non-Profit Organizations Roland Krueger Member of the Board of Directors of Dyson Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore Fiona May Independent Management Consultant Martin Köppel Employees' Representative Bernd Illig Employees' Representative Meet the Board stichd What you wear contributes to how you perform – this includes what you wear underneath as well. Affiliate company stichd is a member of the PUMA Group. It develops, produces and distributes bodywear and socks for PUMA as well as other well-known brands. Discover stichd COBRA PUMA Golf COBRA PUMA GOLF believes the game of golf should be fun. Golfers of all skill levels can enjoy the game and everything about it through innovative and performance-oriented shoes, apparel and clubs. Take a swing Our history PUMA is relentlessly pushing sports and culture forward by creating the fastest products for the world’s fastest athletes. Since 1948, PUMA has drawn strength and credibility from its heritage in sports. Go back in time Innovation It all starts with our athletes. We strive to create the most innovative technologies and products to give our athletes a competitive advantage and enable them to perform at their best. Explore PUMA's innovation