OUR MISSION To enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer READ MORE Contact us Our stories Thermo Fisher’s Growing AI Ecosystem Aims to Transform How Science Is Done READ MORE A future once out of reach: How CAR-T cell therapy gave Gideon his tomorrow READ MORE Thermo Fisher’s “Her Science” program helps build a community for emerging women scientists READ MORE Turning incurable cancer into a manageable disease: Hope rises for multiple myeloma patients READ MORE New Thermo Fisher manufacturing facility boosts U.S. supply chain resilience and creates jobs READ MORE CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Together, we are making a difference in the world From the products and services we provide for our customers - to the many ways we give back to our communities and make society better - we live our Mission every day. Learn more Define your future Picture yourself here. Explore our site for detailed information on how you can build a rewarding career at the world leader in serving science. Find your next opportunity Summer safety is key to enjoying time outdoors. Did you know we have technology that helps protect your skin from UV rays and helps determine if water is safe for swimming? Our ion chromatography system is crucial in testing for zinc oxide, the active ingredient in sunscreen, to develop high-quality sunscreens for consumers. Additionally, our liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry technologies help authorities test for water contamination, such as harmful algae blooms, so beachgoers can feel confident before taking a dip. Thermo Fisher Scientific  | Tue, 22 Jul 2025 Advanced imaging technology that provides deeper insights into atomic structure is essential to empower our customers to solve the world’s most pressing challenges, like finding new treatments for diseases, developing sustainable energy sources and much more. With enhanced automation and ease of use our new electron microscopes, the Talos 12 TEM and Scios 3 FIB-SEM, offer scientists in labs of all sizes access to ultra-high-resolution imaging that provides deeper insights to empower researchers of all experience levels to drive discovery and innovation. Thermo Fisher Scientific  | Thu, 24 Jul 2025 Follow us