Decarbonization starts with intelligent technology How ZF drives lower CO 2 emissions Welcome to ZF ZF is a global technology company supplying advanced mobility products and systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology. Its comprehensive product range is primarily aimed at vehicle manufacturers, mobility providers and start-up companies in the fields of transportation and mobility. ZF electrifies a wide range of vehicle types. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions, protecting the climate as well as enhancing safe mobility. Click on (+) to learn more about our products and technologies Hotspot 1 Technology Technology We want to actively shape the future of technology for mobility and industry. Our aim is to convert today’s potential into tomorrow’s competitive advantages. How we shape the future Hotspot 2 Products Products We supply mobility systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology. ZF offers comprehensive product and software solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. Our product portfolio Hotspot 3 Aftermarket Aftermarket As one of the leading companies in the aftermarket industry, ZF bridges the gap between today's and tomorrow's needs by delivering what workshops, distributors, and fleets require across the board. Our aftermarket product portfolio Alongside the automotive sector – passenger cars and commercial vehicles – ZF also serves market segments such as construction and agricultural machinery, wind power, marine propulsion, rail drives and test systems. With some 153,000 employees worldwide, ZF reported sales of €38.8 billion in fiscal year 2025. The company operates 162 production locations in 29 countries. Press Releases Use our Press Center to find press releases as well as photos and videos from all areas and on all topics within ZF Group. ZF Press Center Stories and Highlights Dive deeper into ZF Group and learn more about its global activities. Our stories provide new insights. High-Tech From ZF for a Better Driving Experience We develop technical solutions that can make journeys in a passenger car safer, more comfortable, and more enjoyable. Through our innovations, we improve and simplify everyday mobility for millions of people around the world. Discover here a wide range of passenger car products from various fields that are transforming driving into a whole new experience. Climb in and enjoy the ride! A Dynamic, Low-emission Path to the Future As freight traffic on roads around the world continues to grow, the decarbonization of heavy-duty trucks is becoming increasingly important. With the TraXon 2 Hybrid, ZF is developing a driveline solution that reduces greenhouse gas emissions while meeting upcoming, more stringent emissions standards. Technology A Dynamic, Low-emission Path to the Future As freight traffic on roads around the world continues to grow, the decarbonization of heavy-duty trucks is becoming increasingly important. With the TraXon 2 Hybrid, ZF is developing a driveline solution that reduces greenhouse gas emissions while meeting upcoming, more stringent emissions standards. CTO Interview: “Engineering the Future of Mobility” In this interview, Dr. Peter Holdmann outlines ZF’s R&D mission amid a rapidly transforming mobility landscape. He shares how AI is reshaping engineering, how ZF is preparing for the Software-defined Vehicle, and how initiatives such as Chassis 2.0, electrification, and decarbonization are strengthening the company’s competitive position. Research & Development CTO Interview: “Engineering the Future of Mobility” In this interview, Dr. Peter Holdmann outlines ZF’s R&D mission amid a rapidly transforming mobility landscape. He shares how AI is reshaping engineering, how ZF is preparing for the Software-defined Vehicle, and how initiatives such as Chassis 2.0, electrification, and decarbonization are strengthening the company’s competitive position. Human and AI as Drivers of Innovation Used as a strategic tool, artificial intelligence optimizes processes and enhances products. Torsten Gollewski, Executive Vice President R&D Innovation & Technology at ZF, discusses the growing importance. Research & Development Human and AI as Drivers of Innovation Used as a strategic tool, artificial intelligence optimizes processes and enhances products. Torsten Gollewski, Executive Vice President R&D Innovation & Technology at ZF, discusses the growing importance. Polymer Recycling: Breaking Down the Chains ZF and its partner BASF successfully completed a circular economy pilot project in record time. It proves that recycled plastic can be used even in the production of high-stress components. Sustainability Polymer Recycling: Breaking Down the Chains ZF and its partner BASF successfully completed a circular economy pilot project in record time. It proves that recycled plastic can be used even in the production of high-stress components. ZF eDrive Platform SELECT The e-drive is the heart of a battery-powered vehicle. Thanks to SELECT, it beats ultra-efficiently. Electric Mobility ZF eDrive Platform SELECT The e-drive is the heart of a battery-powered vehicle. Thanks to SELECT, it beats ultra-efficiently. Compliance Code of Conduct The Code of Conduct sets out clear standards that regulate how all employees conduct themselves with integrity in line with compliance rules. Code of Conduct The Code of Conduct sets out clear standards that regulate how all employees conduct themselves with integrity in line with compliance rules. Business Partner Code of Conduct ZF stands out through innovation, expertise, and reliability. We always act purposefully and with integrity vis-à-vis our business partners and ourselves. Business Partner Code of Conduct ZF stands out through innovation, expertise, and reliability. We always act purposefully and with integrity vis-à-vis our business partners and ourselves. ZF Trustline ZF Trustline is ZF Friedrichshafen AG's electronic notification system. It is available to all employees and business partners. ZF Trustline ZF Trustline is ZF Friedrichshafen AG's electronic notification system. It is available to all employees and business partners. Products for Passenger Cars Innovative driveline and chassis technology as well as components and technology for safety systems. Product World Passenger Cars Products for Commercial Vehicles ZF’s sustainable solutions for commercial vehicles in logistics and public transport. Product World Commercial Vehicles Products for Industrial Technology With its drive and gear technology, ZF also provides mobility for off-road applications. All Product Worlds Industrial Technology Aftermarket Find here spare parts, digital solutions, workshops and service locations. ZF Aftermarket Portal You are interested in working at ZF? Get More Information Now.