Continental Completes Sale of OESL Find out more How Continental Is Making Tires Even Quieter Special tread design noticeably reduces rolling noise of Continental tires. Find out more Continental Uses Vacuum Technology to Study Tire Wear Particles Continental and TU Braunschweig have developed a method for the real-time detection of tire wear particles. Read the press release Find out more Tires for Autonomous Vehicles Continental offers aContact tires specifically for autonomous vehicle fleets and robotaxis. Find out more Continental is a leading tire manufacturer and industry specialist that develops and produces sustainable, safe and convenient solutions for automotive manufacturers as well as industrial and end customers worldwide. Learn more What Drives People When Mobility Changes? Key findings from the Continental Mobility Studies from 2011 to 2024 Find out more Find out more Share Price Chart How Continental Tires Reduce Environmental Impact Rolling resistance explained © Continental AG Continental aims to minimize rolling resistance while maximizing grip under all driving conditions. Rolling resistance and grip have a major impact on energy consumption and safety both for tires and the vehicle as a whole. Growing public concern about environmental issues, rising fuel prices and the steadily increasing adoption of electric mobility mean that rolling resistance will remain a critical factor in the future of transportation. For combustion-engine vehicles, tires account for 20 to 30 percent of fuel consumption. For electric vehicles, lower rolling resistance significantly reduces energy use and increases range. Find out more about the topic Rolling resistance |   Click here for the press release Shaping the future of mobility is not easy. But it gets easier when the right talents are on board. Only together can we develop solutions that make tomorrow even safer, more comfortable, and more sustainable. What We are Working on The areas of work in which Continental’s innovations have a global impact are diverse. Find out what we’re working on. Find out more Working at Continental Discover Continental as an employer and find out about the corporate culture, career opportunities and other benefits. Find out more Our Range of Jobs The day-to-day work of our experts ensures that innovations can be created. Discover of our diverse professional fields of work. Find out more Turn change into opportunity. Embrace sustainability. This is how we have anchored sustainability in our Group strategy. Learn more about our sustainability roadmap and how we continuously implement it. Find out more CO2 emissions: 0 million Metric tons of CO 2 -e (Combined own Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions) in fiscal year 2024 Gender distribution: 0 % Female senior executives and executives without USA as of December 31, 2024 Resource use: 0 % Input of renewable and recycled materials in tire production in fiscal year 2024 Investor Presentation October 2025 (Fact Book 2024) Detailed figures and information on Continental's transformation as well as on the Group Sectors Tires and ContiTech. Investor presentation - PDF (13.9 MB) Continental Achieves Full-year Targets at Group Level and in Tires – ContiTech’s Earnings Below Expectations January 21, 2026 Continental today released preliminary figures for the fourth quarter and for fiscal 2025. The company achieved its full-year targets for sales and adjusted EBIT margin at the Continental Group level and in the Tires group sector. The same applies to the adjusted free cash flow for the Continental Group. However, the ContiTech group sector’s adjusted EBIT margin was below the targeted range. Find out more 2024 Annual Report: Unlocking New Strengths. The 2024 annual report covers topics such as our corporate strategy and structure, research and development, as well as general economic conditions. Starting this year, the sustainability report is part of the annual report. Detailed figures on the Continental Group and its group sectors can be found in the sections on earnings, financial and net assets position as well as in the consolidated financial statements. Find out more