DE CN (Chinese) EN (English) ES (Spanish) FR (Français) JP (Japanese) Menu Home Products Open science Autor*innen Editors Peer Reviewers Policies Librarians Research & Development Buchhandel Societies Partners, Affiliates & Rights Shop Unser Einsatz für die Wissenschaft Contact Hilfe und Support ↗ ------- Careers ↗ Investoren ↗ Media ↗ Corporate Site ↗ Advancing discovery We advance discovery by publishing robust and insightful research, supporting the development of new areas of knowledge and making ideas and knowledge accessible around the world. Learn more Home to the world’s most influential journals Access our extensive portfolio of journals featuring the latest findings from across research disciplines. Learn more Leading the way in academic book publishing Discover this unparalleled resource for students and researchers including the largest collection of scholarly eBooks. Learn more Springboard Springer Nature’s blog on all things open science Learn more Publish with us Explore our products Learn about open research Enhance your library Buy a book Unser Unternehmen Hilfe und Support ↗ We are a global publisher dedicated to providing the best possible service to the whole research community. We help authors to share their discoveries; enable researchers to find, access and understand the work of others and support librarians and institutions with innovations in technology and data. We use our position and our influence to champion the issues that matter to the research community – standing up for science; taking a leading role in open research and being powerful advocates for the highest quality and ethical standards in research. Unser Unternehmen Erfahren Sie mehr über Karrieremöglichkeiten bei uns, lesen Sie unsere Pressemitteilungen, und finden Sie Informationen für Investoren Explore our products _ Journals _ Books _ Databases & solutions Platforms Partnerships We work with others to find and drive forward solutions for the research community SDGs and the impact of open research A partnership with VSNU and the UKB providing data, insights and tools to advance knowledge about how academic research and open research is having a societal impact and accelerating delivery of the SDGs ORCID: Share your discoveries, receive recognition ORCID identifiers give researchers a personal, permanent digital code that distinguishes them from every other researcher and links to their publication record, ensuring their work is properly and duly recognized. In Review: integrated preprint sharing Share a preprint of your manuscript on the Research Square platform and get real time updates on your manuscript’s progress through peer review. What our customers say …my interactions with the editors and staff were really key. I want to emphasize that the handling editor played no small part in making this paper what it is now. He really went out of his way to provide feedback on framing and experiments to do in order to test certain hypotheses…the editor was key in making the story what it is. He is definitely part of this discovery. Michael M. Halassa, M.D., Ph.D. Careers Become a part of our global community of talented professionals. Stay up to date Follow us on Bluesky Follow us on X Here to foster information exchange with the library community _ Connect on LinkedIn Connect with us on LinkedIn and stay up to date with news and development. _ Follow us on Facebook small_youtube Watch us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Products Journals Books Platforms Databases Researchers & Partners Autor*innen Editors Open science Societies Partners, Affiliates & Rights Policies Librarians Overview Our company Overview About us Careers Education Professional Media Centre Locations & Contact Hilfe und Support ↗ Contact Shop About us We are a world leading research, educational and professional publisher. Visit our main website for more information. Corporate site _ _ small_youtube © 2026 Springer Nature General terms and conditions Datenschutzerklärung Your US State Privacy Rights Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen / Cookies Accessibility Legal notice Haben Sie Anregungen zur Verbesserung dieser Webseite? Schreiben Sie uns.