DE EN (English) Über uns Erweiterter Vorstand Aufsichtsrat Corporate Governance Geschäftsbereich Research Geschäftsbereich Education Geschäftsbereich Health Standorte & Kontakt Übersicht Über uns Communities Verantwortung übernehmen Künstliche Intelligenz KI – Einsatzbereiche KI - Unser Ansatz KI - Unsere Grundsätze KI - Neuigkeiten Übersicht Künstliche Intelligenz Media Pressekontakte Pressemitteilungen Blogs, Podcasts & Videos Bilder & Logos Fact Sheets Unternehmensberichte Übersicht Media Karriere Investoren ABOUT US 180 years of progress - 180 years of discovery We are a global and progressive business, founded on a heritage of trusted and respected brands – including Springer, founded in 1842, Macmillan, founded in 1843 and Nature, first published in 1869. Nearly two centuries of progress and advancement in science and education have helped shape the business we are today. Research and learning continues to be the cornerstone of progress, and we will continue to open doors to discovery through trusted brands and innovative products and services. Springer Nature was created in May 2015 through the combination of Nature Publishing Group, Macmillan Education and Springer Science+Business Media. The main shareholders of Springer Nature are Holtzbrinck and BC Partners. Holtzbrinck, a family-owned company based in Stuttgart, holds a majority share of 50.6 per cent. Our company reports Annual Progress Report Through our trusted brands and talented people, and working in partnership with our communities across the research ecosystem, we create global visibility for research and open doors to discovery. Our annual progress report shares highlights about how we’re investing and delivering value for these communities around the world. Read the Annual Progress Report 2023. Sustainable Business Report Open for Progress shares case studies, stories and data on our ongoing efforts to be a purpose driven, responsible business. It shows our carbon-reduction efforts are on track, and our colleagues are increasingly engaged in company sustainability efforts through employee networks dedicated to improving their office carbon emissions and working groups focused on advancing knowledge around each of the 17 SDGs. Discover more in our Sustainable Buisness Report 2023. Open Access Report 2024 Open access is part of our DNA. We are proud to be an active player in the transition to OA, promoting publishing options and building a portfolio of high quality journals to support both our author and industry needs. Read more in our Open Access Report 2024. Policies & Reports Key contacts and locations Executive Team Our Executive Team takes responsibility for delivering the business strategy and our global operations. Find out more about the senior team here. Press Office Find the latest press releases and key global contacts for media enquiries. Locations We have more than 9,400 employees operating in 40+ countries worldwide. Research + Health businesses Our Education businesses Our business areas Research As a research publisher we are advancing discovery by publishing robust and insightful research, developing new areas of knowledge and making research accessible Education Macmillan Education has been advancing learning for over 175 years. Today, across our curriculum, language learning and higher education divisions, we build strong partnerships with educators and strive to provide the highest quality books, content and tools for school and university students around the world. Health For our health communities, we are advancing achievement by being a leading provider of content and technology solution. Our Company About us Executive team Our Communities Our Research Division Our Education Division Our Health Division Corporate Responsibility Taking Responsibility Inclusion Policies, Reports & Modern Slavery Act Suppliers Careers Why Work Here? Search our vacancies ↗ Contact Locations & Contact Media Our brands Springer Nature Springer Nature Portfolio BMC Discover Palgrave Macmillan Scientific American Macmillan Education Springer Health+ _ _ small_youtube © 2026 Springer Nature General terms and conditions Datenschutzerklärung Your US State Privacy Rights Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen / Cookies Accessibility Legal notice Haben Sie Anregungen zur Verbesserung dieser Webseite? Schreiben Sie uns.